CSS source maps solve this issue. and override variables from lib css to custom theme (#4091)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.1/frontend-dev-guide/css-topics/css_debug.md

CSS source maps are generated automatically when you compile CSS for your theme using the `grunt less: <theme>` command. To use them, you need to enable source maps displaying in your browser.

> Magento 2 has a base set of Variables that define commonly used aspects of a theme. Colors, fonts, style of page titles, and so on are defined in these variables. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magento has a base set of variables that define commonly used aspects of a theme; such as colors, fonts, style of page titles, and so on. 
```

> In `<magento-root>/lib/web/css/source/lib/variables` you will find a number of intuitively named LESS files. In each of these you can find values assigned to variables for many of the common elements in Magento 2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<magento-root>/lib/web/css/source/lib/variables` directory contains LESS files that define values assigned to variables for many of the common elements in Magento.
```

> To change/override any of these variables, simply create a file in `<theme-dir>/web/css/source/_theme.less` For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change or override any of these variables, simply create a file in `<theme-dir>/web/css/source/_theme.less` For example:
```

```
@navigation__background: @secondary__color__light; 
@font-family__sans-serif: 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;
```

> ![node declaration autocomplete]({{ site.baseurl }}/common/images/fdg/lib-map.png){:width="610px"}

Reviewer: This image doesn't seem to fit with your section.

> CSS source maps solve this issue. They help to find the .less file from the lib directory, where the style is specified. 

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't seem to fit with your section.

The path to the CSS source maps configuration differs, depending on the browser.

> In Google Chrome, to enable source maps generation, go to **Inspect** > **Settings** > **Preferences** > **Enable CSS source maps**.   

Reviewer: I think your new section should appear after this section.

Author: I have moved my section as per suggestion.
